you remember the caricature and you
you remember that guy
the hunter who shot it because we're
Congratulations the provincial audience
from Córdoba and has sentenced to three months
of prison we can feel that it is little
but it's not a step forward in the
production animal that ever
Spanish forts condemn for abuse
animal is good news and we are in
the good way and this is an achievement
yours without you we would not be here
that's why I want to congratulate you
I want to leave with a gift the images
of the hunter the day I put three less
fourth of the afternoon that was in the
inside your home in the subsidiary
real eco kilometer 360 of the national
500 for no reason shot a cat
call you the property is catalina that
he was in the yard of the house
adjoining with that of the student body of causes
what injuries in the left hand that
they finished with the hand
after the complaint or has been
come making life impossible
threatening whistleblowers to their
family that were going to disappear all the
animals in the house because they bothered him
the family will disappear catadura
disappeared in November 2011 and two
granites disappeared in October
2011 and another in January 2002
that's all all of this since the aforementioned
that the first right in telecom wants
that we are with being without guilty not
you have to clear portions if you do not
you do not have to answer the
questions that are asked or can be
do it to a tractor chair according to
will answer the questions asked
formulate can not do it other
not sure
all right
and the pse